So here, we have an example of the car sales bookings.
You see the list of grocery stores in the first column.
Column B through E are the bookings for the last quarter of the year.
To get the total bookings,
all we have to do is actually just add up this amount and you can use
the sum function or can just type it in yourself here.
All we do is here, add up these,
and that gives you the total bookings for each of the months.
Just a little side note,
so these are bookings for each of the stores.
So, that means is that they'd been able to get
monthly or annual subscriptions to the customers.
It's that value of the subscriptions that is reflected in these.
So, these are the new bookings that they got every month.
You can see that there are some cells which are empty.
For example here, Sprouts is actually annual bookings.
Once they have that then,
they don't have any follow-up in November and December.
So, that's what's being reflected here, okay?
See you in the next video.